# Introduction

In recent years, the field of computer science (CS), and the broader technology industry, have undergone significant changes, though not simply technical ones. Around the same time that enrollments started booming {{ "cra-blog" | cite }}, the National Science Foundation (NSF) posted the original solicitation for _Broadening Participation in Computing_ {{ "nsf-bpc" | cite }}. As a result of the efforts to improve diversity in CS, curricula such as _Exploring Computer Science_ {{ "ecs" | cite }} (ECS), and _AP Computer Science Principles_ {{ "apcsp" | cite }} (AP CSP) have emerged. Many curricula have started to use visual programming languages (VPLs), also known as blocks-based languages, as their primary tool. As great as these environments can be, they often lack infrastructure found in more traditional environments (such as Python or Java). This lack of infrastructure can make courses more difficult to teach and scale, particularly to entirely online environments.

We aim to help students learning programming by:

 * Delivering the best resources to possible to completely remote students, and
 * Improving the capability and efficiency of in-person teaching assistants (TAs).

One example of missing resources is the capability to automatically evaluate code, and send the results to another process. Automatic evaluation and distributing the results are central components in an _autograder_. Without an autograder, it can be difficult (if not prohibitively expensive) to teach large online courses. During the 2015-2016 school year, we taught _The Beauty and Joy of Computing_ {{ "bjc" | cite }}  (BJC) as a series of four _massive open online courses_ (MOOCs) on edX {{ "edx" | cite }}. BJC is an AP CS Principles course that uses Snap<em>!</em> as its primary language. Without an autograder, we did not think that we could fairly give credit to students online. In addition, BJC is offered at UC Berkeley as CS10, and CS10 would be able to make use of an autograder for Snap<em>!</em>.

We developed λ as a system for autograding Snap<em>!</em> {{ "snap" | cite }}. λ is composed of two main parts, the Ruby on Rails application server, and a Javascript application that augments Snap<em>!</em> with testing, analysis and logging capabilities. While the grading interface was developed for edX, we report on its use in the classroom and some recommendations for future development. We also hope that λ will be useful outside CS10, through the implementation of the Learning Tools Interoperability (LTI) protocol which should allow our system to be compatible with most Learning Management Systems. We have built additional features which should allow flexibility to integrate the autograder into a variety of classroom environments. These features are described in the chapter on implementation.
