## Conclusion
Our initial surveys have shown that while many students enjoy using an autograder, we must be careful not to replace instructional staff with technology. The stress that many students reported from the autograder suggest that there is a lot more human factors research that can be done about applying new technologies to the classroom. Still, we are confident that smart classroom policies which give students choice will continue to allow for the benefits of autograders without penalizing students who are uncomfortable with them. This does leave concern for online-only learning environments, but we see even a primitive autograder as a big step above nothing. Future interface enhancements and new features for studying will hopefully only add to the benefits students see while using the autograder.

Despite some successes, we know that there is a long way to go. We are still only able to grade a subset of all possible problems we could assign to students. There are many active research areas in techniques like automatic hint generation which we think will prove useful in the future. However, we also recognize that despite the promise, we need to spend to lower the barrier to entry for writing new content, both in terms of saving time and following pedagogical best practices. Fortunately, we think there is a clear path forward in this area.

---
## Personal Reflections
Overall, I found the practices of fitting certain educational practices, like KI, into the project a very difficult task. Some of these felt like they were valuable ideas and based on sound research, but almost like I was constantly using the wrong metaphor, or maybe the wrong kind of screw driver.

I also really really struggle with the idea of evaluating learning. What _is_ learning? What counts? We never really addressed this in class or came to any conclusions when we got near the topic. For example, just because someone attempts a problem correctly on the second try, I don't think we can say the _learned_, at least not definitively. I don't know why they made that change or if the student knows why it was correct. In that sense I really struggled trying to grasp what were the important pieces to look at and so I kind of punted and looked at usage.